When you start doing this, it's like
success is on autopilot.
Hi, my name is John Jquish. I'm a doctor
of biomedical engineering, which gives
me a unique perspective beyond what a
lot of YouTube influencers
have in their academic background. And
uh I believe I can parse through the
existing data and come to some more
valuable conclusions than you have
previously been given. So today I want
to talk about one of my favorite
nutrition hacks. Willpower
is a depletable resource.
Meaning, yeah, you can put off whatever
you're hungry for, some junk food or
dessert, or you really used to like
snacking at 3:00 at your desk before,
you know, an hour before leaving the
office or something like that. The
problem with depending on willpower is
you will break. Like, it's it's not you
can't just white knuckle it through
life. Willpower is great. You want to
save the willpower for when you're
stuck, when something goes wrong, when
you go outside of your normal pattern.
That's sort of your backup parachute.
But what you instead want to rely on is
processes that you set in place with
your life so that you're less likely to
deviate and eat a bunch of junk food.
So, like for example, a lot of people
love binging on junk food before they go
to bed. I mean, this isn't the hack, by
the way, but like obviously stop having
junk food at your house. Like, if you
just throw all that crap away and don't
buy it at the grocery store, then it'll
be a special occasion whenever you have
it because it's just not at your house.
And when your lizard brain turns on at
whatever midnight, you go and look in
the fridge and uh you know there's no
there's no stupid stuff there. So you're
not going to eat anything stupid. But if
you're proactive about this, and I think
this is very valuable. The hack here is
eating the same thing every day.
So however many meals you want to eat. I
typically eat one meal a day with a
fortigen shake in the morning and one in
the afternoon. So you could call that
three meals because the fortigen shake
does give me 150 grams of protein. So uh
and I have two of those. So 300 protein
comes from foragen. But ultimately that
one meal is just a giant steak. And if
I'm trying to get leaner it's it might
be two or three New York steaks. If I'm
not really worried about that because
I'm already super lean it might be a
whatever 32 ounce or 40 ounce ribeye,
but it's the same every day because
that's just what I eat. When I go to a
restaurant and they tell me, "Well, you
should really try the sea bass. It's our
specialty." And it's just like, "Yeah,
cool. I'll tell my friends, but I'm
having the steak because that's what I
have." When you start doing this, it's
like success is on autopilot. In fact,
you should probably write that down.
Success is on autopilot. Eat the same
thing every day. If you write that down
in your notes somewhere, just the the
fact that you write it down will burn it
into your mind. You'll start behaving
this way. And I promise you on the days
you do this, you won't even think about
doing the right thing because you won't
need to depend on willpower.
You will just depend on your process.
You will be an automated machine of
success. I hope this helps. If you think
everything I said was stupid, please
tell me in the comments. Also, if you
think what I said was smart, tell me
that, too. Thanks, and I'll see you on
the next one. If this video helped you,
I want you to subscribe and follow. I'm
going to put out videos on a regular
basis. I think they're going to help a
whole lot of people, especially if
you're one of those people that doesn't
just instantly grow from lifting regular
weights. We've got the answer for you.